# Efficient and robust approximate nearest neighbor search using Hierarchical Navigable Small World graphs

# 1 导论

树形方法

[6] M. Muja and D. G. Low e, "Scalable nearest neighbor algorithms for high dimensional data," Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence, IEEE Transactions on, vol. 36, no. 11, pp. 2227-2240, 2014.
[7] M. E. Houle and M. Nett, "Rank-based similarity search: Reducing the dimensional dependence," Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence, IEEE Transactions on, vol. 37, no. 1, pp. 136-150, 2015.

LSH方法

[8] A. Andoni, P. Indyk, T. Laarhoven, I. Razensh teyn, and L. Schmidt, "Practical and optimal LSH for angular distance," in Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems, 2015, pp. 1225-1233.
[9] P. Indyk and R. Motwani, "Approximate nearest neighbors: towards removing the curse of dimensionality," in Proceedings of the thirtieth annual ACM symposium on Theory of computing, 1998, pp. 604-613: ACM.

product quantization

[10] J. Wang, J. Wang, G. Zeng, R. Gan, S. Li, and B. Guo, "Fast neighborhood graph search using cartesian concatenation," in Multimedia Data Mining and Analytics: Springer, 2015, pp. 397-417.
[11] M. Norouzi, A. Punjani, and D. J. Fleet, "Fast exact search in hamming space with multi-index hashing," Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence, IEEE Transactions on, vol. 36, no. 6, pp. 1107-1119, 2014.
[12] A. Babenko and V. Lempitsky, "The inverted multi-index," in Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR), 2012 IEEE Conference on, 2012, pp. 3069-3076: IEEE.
[13] H. Jegou, M. Douze, and C. Schmid, "Product quantization for nearest neighbor search," Pattern Analysis and Machine Intelligence, IEEE Transactions on, vol. 33, no. 1, pp. 117-128, 2011.
[14] A. Babenko and V. Lempitsky, "Efficient indexing of billion-scale datasets of deep descriptors," in Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, 2016, pp. 2055-2063.
[15] M. Douze, H. Jégou, and F. Perronnin, "Polysemous codes," in European Conference on Computer Vision, 2016, pp. 785-801: Springer.
[16] Y. Kalantidis and Y. Avrithis, "Locally optimized product quantization for approximate nearest neighbor search," in Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, 2014, pp. 2321-2328.
[17] P. Wieschollek, O. Wang, A. Sorkine-H ornung, and H. Lensch, "Efficient large-scale approximate nearest neighbor search on the gpu," in Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, 2016, pp. 2027-2035.

